feat: search node management with new `mongodbatlas_search_deployment` resource (#1609)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: examples/atlas-search-node/README.md

# MongoDB Atlas Provider - Atlas Cluster with dedicated Search Nodes

> This example shows how Atlas Dedicated Search Nodes can used in Terraform. As a prerequisite, a project and cluster resource are created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how you can use Atlas Dedicated Search Nodes in Terraform. As a prerequisite, you need to create a project and cluster resource.
```

> Variables Required to be set:
> - `public_key`: Atlas public key
> - `private_key`: Atlas  private key
> - `org_id`: Organization ID where the project and cluster will be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Variables Required to be set:

- `public_key`: Atlas public key
- `private_key`: Atlas  private key
- `org_id`: Organization ID where the project and cluster will be created.
```
